Good afternoon, I'm John Garcia Paino,
president of the Association
of Friends of the Casa Lis Museum.
First of all,
thank you to the FEAN
for counting on us to expose this
little video
presentation for the rest
of the associations are part
of the Federation of Friends of.
And as a picture of our house.
LiS is worth more than many words than me
I say and I'm going to continue telling something.
But at the same time we are going to introduce ourselves
some of the pictures
that are part of this house, this corner
so beautiful that we have here in Salamanca.
eleven
First of all,
after this little presentation,
I will tell you that the Lis house, the association
that we form in the course of the house.
Lis was already born in 2004.
We have 26 years ahead of us,
fifteen
which has allowed us to evolve to
the time the museum has evolved.
And today this is one
of modernist museums.
As you know, from Art Nueveau, Art Deco
one of the most visited in Castilla y León
in our main activity,
that has always been promoting culture
in Salamanca and therefore,
twenty
through our Casa Lis Museum
we collaborate closely and also
twenty-one
in a very harmonious way with our
museum director with his team
and with all the staff who work in
a strange place, growing as you see.
And now the association
is an association that we can say
that we are in a very
stable, with more than 999 members
and in these moments that we have spent
of confinement
have been difficult times
because we were used to
to a continuous activity
of plays, of different operas,
that we made practically two,
three times a month presenting books
in this room where we are,
which is the room of the columns.
And in this time of confinement,
Well, the way we've had to be
Contact with our partners has been through emails.
Where in addition to sending you links
of cultural interest, we give.
We have sent a message of encouragement
and patience, especially so that it passes
3. 4
this pandemic situation
and so that we can return to our
normal situation
that we had before
We believe that everything is happening
hopefully in a few months we will return
to that normal situation.
And we see the future with enthusiasm and with
I really want to continue collaborating
with the museum in all the activities it does
and keep the activity going.
I encourage you this summer,
it's going to be a summer
a little strange in terms of holidays,
because we are going to have
pass them on nationally when we can
pass provinces,
from other provinces to others.
I invite you to visit those that do not
know our house Lis
Four. Five
and to those who have already come too,
because every time we are changing.
That is, the house is dynamic
Apart from its permanent exhibitions,
we have temporary exhibitions now,
an interesting flamenco painting
and we always have something new to teach.
So thank you for your
fifty
attention and we want to see you here
any day to visit us.